feat(battery): Add a symbol option to `battery.display` (#2475)
starship/starship: docs/config/README.md

### Battery Display

> The `display` configuration option is used to define when the battery indicator should be shown (threshold) and what it looks like (style). The shown symbol can be specified as (symbol).

Author: I fixed like your comment.

If no `display` is provided. The default is as shown:

```toml
[[battery.display]]
threshold = 10
style = "bold red"

> symbol = None

Reviewer: Here is the thing, there is no such thing as `None` in TOML: https://github.com/toml-lang/toml/issues/146#issuecomment-25019344

```suggestion
```

Author: I removed the line.

```

> #### Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value for the `symbol` option is the value of `battery`'s `discharging_symbol` option.

#### Options
```

Author: I added the description like your above comment.

| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| `threshold` | The upper bound for the display option.         |
| `style`     | The style used if the display option is in use. |

> | `symbol`    | The symbol shown if the display option is in use. This is optional. If this is not set, `discharging_symbol` is shown. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `symbol`    | Optional symbol displayed if display option is in use, defaults to battery's `discharging_symbol` option. |
```

Author: I fixed like your comment.

#### Example

```toml
[[battery.display]]  # "bold red" style and discharging_symbol when capacity is between 0% and 10%
threshold = 10
style = "bold red"

[[battery.display]]  # "bold yellow" style and 💦 symbol when capacity is between 10% and 30%
threshold = 30

> style = "bold yellow"z

Author: I removed the unnecessary character. (I mistyped, sorry)

> style = "bold yellow"z

Reviewer: No worries. :+1:
